[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] The Straw Hats formed
a pirate alliance with Law
and defeated
the Warlord, Doflamingo,
who had seized
control of Dressrosa.
Now, at last,
the kingdom is at peace.
[REBECCA giggles]
Is that better?
[KYROS]
Yes. Your hand is very warm.
[KYROS] ♪ This toy soldier
is brave and true. ♪
♪ In the rain or in the snow,
he will stay with you. ♪
[LUFFY]
"Fujitora Takes Action!
The Complete Siege
of the Straw Hats!"
[NARRATOR]
Three days have passed
since the battle ended
between the Straw Hats
and the Don Quixote Family.
[SENGOKU groans]
We finally made it!
[TSURU] Is Straw Hat Luffy still
hiding out in this kingdom?
Yes. That's for certain.
He's wounded.
[TSURU]
I see.
[MARINE A]
We've stationed a lookout unit
at every port in Dressrosa.
Trust me, it'll be
impossible for him
or his crew to sneak past us.
Our camp is in that direction.
[TSURU]
Get moving, girls.
[MARINES]
Right!
You're all fired up, eh, Tsuru?
[TSURU]
Quiet down. Let's go!
[SENGOKU]
Issho! There you are!
I heard about
your spat with Sakazuki!
[SENGOKU laughs] Glad I'm not
Fleet Admiral anymore!
Oh, shut it! Just eat.
There's not much else for you
to do as Inspector General.
[TSURU]
Admiral Fujitora.
Why haven't you
seized that pirate?
You've confirmed that he's here.
So what's the holdup?
Straw Hat Luffy,
the hero of Dressrosa.
Since he's a wanted man,
should I bring him in?
Or let him walk,
because he saved this kingdom?
The decision weighs
heavily on my mind.
Huh?
[SENGOKU]
Hm? A die?
[laughs]
[TSURU]
This is no laughing matter!
[chuckles] A die.
[SENGOKU chuckles]
[TSURU]
That's quite enough!
Uh, sorry!
Fool. And you! What is this?
For Straw Hat and his cohorts,
I decided to let providence
choose their fate.
But. I wonder...
[FUJITORA]
If Straw Hat's an ordinary man,
would providence spare him
two days in a row?
Today's the third day and I
haven't cheated a single time.
[sighs]
You. Soba, now.
Yes. Coming right up, sir!
[FUJITORA]
I appreciate your help with
transporting the Heavenly Demon,
but this island is still
under my jurisdiction.
[FUJITORA]
So, I'll handle things my way.
Fine by me.
But the Navy can't just
let him run amok forever.
Not with that bounty!
[MANSHERRY]
Will you be Dande-donors?
Navy officers, please.
Help us! We need you!
Ah. You're back again, huh?
Yes, sir!
Well, aren't you adorable?
A Dwarf, they call you?
[MARINES]
Aw!
I'm Mansherry.
I'm from the Tontatta tribe!
[MARINE A]
Aww! How cute!
Ooh. That's interesting.
[SENGOKU gasps]
Hey! What was that?
You'd better show some respect!
This is the daughter of
the great Chief Tonta!
Which means you're
meeting a princess!
Now, bow! Bow before her!
Wait, Mouji. It's fine.
Ah, she's so merciful!
You see, truthfully,
our people aren't supposed to
let ourselves be seen
by anyone in Dressrosa who isn't
a member of the royal family.
So I was hoping
I'd be able to heal
everyone's injuries discreetly.
Really? How's that work?
[giggles]
[VIOLET]
Rebecca! Rebecca!
It's time she put on her dress.
Where could that girl be?
[REBECCA]
But. I don't understand.
Why would he tell
that outlandish lie?
[DOLDO]
That's what Kyros wants.
[TOWNSPEOPLE chattering]
[TOWNSMAN A]
The time has come!
[TOWNSMAN B] Yeah, I've been
waiting for this day forever!
[TOWNSWOMAN A]
So have I!
Take it away, Gyats,
we're ready!
[TOWNSPEOPLE]
Yeah, say it!
Ladies and gentlemen!
Thank you all for being here!
Now, this day is one that
will go down in history!
[TOWNSPEOPLE cheer]
Because, as you know,
our king is returning to power!
[TOWNSPEOPLE cheer]
That's right!
After an entire decade,
our King Riku the Third is back!
So give it up
for him, Dressrosa!
[TOWNSPEOPLE cheering]
[ALL] King Riku!
King Riku! King Riku...
[ELIZABELLO]
This kingdom is mad.
That pirate fooled them,
made them hate you.
They allowed themselves to be
seduced by wealth and violence.
Only when they experienced
the fear of death
did they finally
come to their senses
and wish for this land
to be peaceful.
It's a farce, but I can't laugh.
Of course you can't!
Even so, I'm happy
they're safe now.
Though I wonder
if I'll be able to
make them happy as well.
Were I a god,
I'd prevent any danger.
Nothing would
harm them. Nothing!
What? Now you sound
like you've gone mad!
Just a thought.
[DOLDO]
We'll continue our efforts.
After all, what more can we do?
[ELIZABELLO]
Indeed.
Besides, the day will come when
Rebecca inherits the crown.
Yes, of course.
Does that thought scare you?
[DOLDO]
Hm?
You know, back when
Scarlet was a young girl,
she was quite the firecracker!
What if Rebecca leaves, as well?
What are you saying?
There. You're all set, dear.
[SERVANT B]
How lovely!
[SERVANT A] A dress suits you
much better than
that old armor of yours!
You think?
[SERVANT B] Yes! You're
beautiful, Lady Rebecca!
Thank you.
You know, when you
wear that dress,
I swear you look
exactly like your mother!
That's true!
Oh, and we've heard talk
about your father, too!
[gasps]
He was a prince from
some faraway land!
And rumor has it,
that prince and
your mother eloped!
After that,
King Riku had no choice
but to tell everyone that
Lady Scarlet was dead.
[SERVANT C] It's like something
from a romance novel!
[SERVANT B]
It makes me swoon!
He was a prince? From where?
Not sure, but from
the rumors I've heard,
it's a luxurious kingdom
with beautiful lakes.
Apparently, his land
was at war back then.
So she and this guy ran off,
and after that,
baby Rebecca was born!
Yeah?
But then, the prince
was killed in the war.
Isn't that just terrible?
So Lady Scarlet and Rebecca--
I mean, Lady Rebecca,
ended up living
undercover in Dressrosa.
[TOWNSMAN F] That's crazy.
Her dad was a prince,
so her blood's still
a hundred percent noble!
What a bizarre rumor!
We know for certain
that Sir Kyros
is the maiden's father,
do we not?
I am at a loss.
Here, have some lettuce!
Ugh.
[groans]
[KYROS] ♪ This toy soldier
is brave and true. ♪
♪ In the rain or in the snow,
he will stay with you. ♪
[KYROS]
It must be cold for her.
Not that I would know.
This tin body feels nothing.
[KYROS] You're going to
learn to defend yourself.
What for? I mean, I've got you.
[KYROS] And what if something
should happen to me?
Now fight!
[REBECCA]
My mother told me I should never
hurt others no matter what!
[KYROS]
To let you know I'm around,
I'll drop a flower petal
through the crack
in the window every morning.
[TOWNSMAN G]
All right!
[BOTH]
Huh?
[KIN'EMON] They're distributing
Lady Mansherry's
medicinal flowers!
They're wonderous!
And proving to be very useful!
[MARINE C]
Get in line. Wait your turn.
[MARINE D]
One per person.
Thank you! This medicine
is incredible!
It heals injuries up,
lickity-split!
[MARINE D]
Here.
[TOWNSBOY A]
Thank you!
[TOWNSBOY A]]
Look, Dad! I got you one!
Thanks, son. Let's try it out!
[TOWNSBOY A]
Wow, gone in a flash!
It's like magic.
[TOWNSMAN I chuckles]
How lucky am I?
Huh?
[KIN'EMON] I knew they would
increase their numbers!
Fly swiftly, Spring Sparrow!
We mustn't let them see us!
Here.
Right!
Thank you so much, sir!
For sure!
[SENGOKU] I see. So you're
able to use "donors"
to enhance your
healing capability.
The power of the Heal-Heal Fruit
really is something else!
Say. I'd be glad to
donate as well!
In fact, go ahead
and take enough
to patch up ten wounded people.
Wow. That's generous of you!
That's nothing! I'll do 15!
You'll what?
In that case,
I'll give you enough for 20!
Put me down for 25!
Fine! Then make it a hundred!
[chuckles] That's a bit much,
but thank you all!
It's time.
I'll let you have the honor
of rolling the dice today.
If it's anything
but one, then we move.
We'll go after Straw Hat
and Law immediately.
[KIN'EMON]
Apologies for the delay!
[snoring]
[LUFFY]
Food?
Ha?
[gasps] You're not
sleep-eating, are you?
The Navy could bust down
that door anytime.
Let's eat while we can.
[FRANKY]
Uh-huh.
Okay!
[KIN'EMON]
Indeed! They carried on and on
about Lady Rebecca's father.
I believe they were suggesting
he was a prince from
some foreign land, yes?
[KANJURO]
Verily!
[LUFFY]
What? That's a strange story!
[LUFFY snores]
[LUFFY]
And I'm sad 'cause Sabo's gone!
[LUFFY] We gotta hurry and catch
up with Sanji's group, too!
You can't be hungry,
and angry, and crying,
and sleepy at
the same time, Luffy!
Make up your mind!
Yeah, but that old soldier dude
is Rebecca's real dad!
You haven't fully recovered yet!
Stop stuffing your face
and lie down!
[LUFFY] Who would make up
some dumb crap like that?
He's right, it's stupid.
Makes no sense.
That's what they said? For sure?
[KIN'EMON] Of course!
These ears don't lie.
[KANJURO]
Yes, upon my honor!
[KYROS] I was the person
who got that rumor started.
[ALL]
Huh?
[KYROS] The only ones
who know the truth
are some of the royal family,
and those of the Don Quixote
Family who dug into my past.
The kingdom knows her mother,
but little more than that.
[KYROS] I spread that story
before they could find out
that Rebecca is my daughter.
But why?
It's because of my past.
I was a criminal,
and someone of my low breeding
could never marry royalty.
This is... better for her.
[LUFFY]
No it isn't!
Does Rebecca know
about all this stuff?
She must've read my note.
I told her the honest truth
about my whole life.
[KYROS]
Because of what I did,
Rebecca suffered
for a long time.
I want her to live in
the light forever.
And that means she can't have
anything to do with me!
It's the only way
I can make amends
for failing as her father.
When you leave this place,
I'm thinking of
leaving, as well.
[KYROS] She may resent my
choice, but she's still a child,
and I won't let her
life be ruined
over a temporary fit of emotion!
King Riku understands
and agrees with me.
[ZORO, USOPP] Well, we know
how Luffy feels about it.
[BARTOLOMEO panting]
[ringing]
What now?
[LEO]
Captain! Uh, I mean, Sir Kyros!
It's me, Leo!
Mister Zoro!
Mister Luffy, I didn't
know you was awake,
what an honor!
How's your morning?
[gasps] Five Straw Hat Pirates
in the same place?
I'm too weak! Have mercy!
It's like a laser beam of
awesomeness is burning my eyes!
Aw, man, if I ever
saw your whole crew
of all-stars at the same time,
I don't know what I would do!
I'd probably
piss myself and die!
Would you please just say
what you came here to say?
Right, sorry!
There's been some movement
over at the Navy tent!
I think they might
come this way!
Vice Admiral Tsuru's with them!
And the old fleet
admiral Sengoku, too!
Tsuru and Sengoku?
Why'd they send in a
couple of big guns like them?
Oh no!
[LAW]
Sengoku.
Leo. Why were you calling me?
Oh! The Navy's getting
ready to attack you!
[FUJITORA] So, it's a six, then.
This is providence!
All troops, advance!
Find the Straw Hats and Law,
and then capture them!
Also, arrest every criminal
that's within the palace.
Let's bring all of them down!
[MARINES]
Sir!
[MARINES yell]
Admiral! We can't invade!
You need clearance!
[FUJITORA] You do your job
and I'll do mine!
I'll take full responsibility!
[MARINE H]
Roger!
[USOPP screams]
[NARRATOR] In an effort
to save the Straw Hats
from being penned in
by the Navy,
the skilled fighters
from the Colosseum
launch a daring escape plan.
Meanwhile, Luffy makes a run for
the Royal Palace on his own,
stirring up a commotion that
plunges the kingdom of Dressrosa
back into chaos!
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"A State of Emergency!
Rebecca is Kidnapped!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!